[Music]
they are you are I told you I'd find him
some mother's instinct instinct he left
us a note I'm leaving I'll be at the
train station I'm going to Robot City
I'll make you proud there comes a time
in a young person's life Oh perfect
that'll be 50 bucks when he must show
everyone I don't want any pictures
that's all right there's no film in the
camera
did you like to buy maps of the stars
homes where'd he go what he's really
made of what you have between your legs
huh
well there goes my stop from the makers
of Ice Age
[Music]
used to be a lot worse they had this
Tran hammer
oh they brought it back just stick with
me kid I know this town like the back of
my hand
hey that's no
ewan mcgregor Copperbottom Rodney
Copperbottom everyone Romney's hair the
wrong stuff Halle Berry oh that was an
accident I meant to do this Greg Kinnear
bye pop so long son good luck with your
dastardly plans Mel Brooks hey who's the
dame with the sweet keister Carrie oh
man it's like third oil change today
amanda bynes
the name's Piper rhymes with Viper and
Robin Williams I'd smack you if I had a
hand speaker the devil here I come how
did a few pervaiz loza's we sir I'm a
woman ouch the proud
hold on hold on the machines what's mine
is yours
oh do I'll get them oh look look at it
oh now they're arm wrestling robots why
is she called aunt Fanny couldn't call
her aunt booty
[Music]